Deprecate kafka options not available from 9.4.0 (#6309)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/kafka-output.md

# Kafka output [kafka-output]

> The Kafka output sends events to Apache Kafka. Starting in 9.4.0, the Kafka client uses franz-go instead of Sarama, and [some options](#kafka-metadata-setting) are no longer configurable.

Reviewer: So if the `bulk_flush_frequency` and `channel_buffer_size` options are also not available for the same reason, then maybe it’s best to remove the link to the `metadata` setting since it’s no longer the only place showing removed options.

```suggestion
The Kafka output sends events to Apache Kafka. Starting in 9.4.0, the Kafka client uses franz-go instead of Sarama, and some options are no longer configurable.
```

    **Default:** `10` (seconds)

`bulk_flush_frequency` $$$kafka-bulk_flush_frequency-setting$$$ {applies_to}`stack: removed 9.4.0+`
:   (int) Duration to wait before sending bulk Kafka request. `0` is no delay.

    :::{note}
    :applies_to: stack: ga 9.4.0+

>     Starting in 9.4.0, the Kafka client uses franz-go, so the `bulk_flush_frequency` longer apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Starting in 9.4.0, the Kafka client uses franz-go, so `bulk_flush_frequency` no longer applies.
```

    :::

>     **Default:** `0`

Reviewer: Can you move the line with the default value to be placed before the note to keep the option description together. Thanks!

`bulk_max_size` $$$kafka-bulk_max_size-setting$$$
:   (int) The maximum number of events to bulk in a single Kafka request.

    **Default:** `2048`

`channel_buffer_size` $$$kafka-channel_buffer_size-setting$$$ {applies_to}`stack: removed 9.4.0+`
:   (int) Per Kafka broker number of messages buffered in output pipeline.

    :::{note}
    :applies_to: stack: ga 9.4.0+

>     Starting in 9.4.0, the Kafka client uses franz-go, so the `channel_buffer_size` longer apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Starting in 9.4.0, the Kafka client uses franz-go, so `channel_buffer_size` no longer applies.
```

    :::

>     **Default:** `256`

Reviewer: Can you move the default value to be placed before the note to keep the option description together. Thanks!
